If you want to dive super hardcore into all the available properties and so on on vuejs and keep in mind,
I will cover a lot of them throughout the course,
it's not like we're at the end here,
not at all. But if you want to dive into that, vuejs.org/api is for you, here you can find
all the properties on the vue instance accessible from outside, what you can set on the constructor
and much more
and again, I wouldn't go into there and think what, I have never seen most of the stuff,
yeah
as I said, I will cover much more through this course and it doesn't make sense to give you the full API reference
at the beginning,
go through it step by step and you don't understand at all
how all of that is connected. Well
if you are interested in that though, this reference is for you and anyway,
it's a good resource if you want to look something up or are not 100% certain about a certain
topic
and want to read more about it on the official docs.